[All Hosts] (devx) update DevX articles for WXP unified manifest (#4742)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish-add-in-vs-code.md

---
title: Publish an add-in using Visual Studio Code and Azure
description: How to publish an add-in using Visual Studio Code and Azure Active Directory

> ms.date: 09/19/2023

Reviewer: Typo fix
```suggestion
ms.date: 09/19/2024
```

> [!NOTE]
>
> - For information about publishing an Office Add-in that you created using Visual Studio, see [Publish your add-in using Visual Studio](package-your-add-in-using-visual-studio.md).
> - The process described in this article doesn't apply to add-ins that use the [unified manifest for Microsoft 365](../develop/unified-manifest-overview.md). Add-ins created using Teams Toolkit use the unified manifest. For information about publishing an add-in that you created using Teams Toolkit, see [Deploy Teams app to the cloud](/microsoftteams/platform/toolkit/deploy?pivots=visual-studio-code) and [Deploy your first Teams app](/microsoftteams/platform/sbs-gs-javascript?tabs=vscode%2Cvsc%2Cviscode). The latter article is about Teams tab apps, but it is applicable to Office Add-ins created with Teams Toolkit.

## Publishing an add-in for other users to access

> The simplest Office Add-in is made up of an manifest file and an HTML page. The manifest file describes the add-in's characteristics, such as its name, what Office desktop clients it can run in, and the URL for the add-in's HTML page. The HTML page is contained in a web app that users interact with when they install and run your add-in within an Office client application. You can host the web app of an Office Add-in on any web hosting platform, including Azure.

Reviewer: One typo fix (an -> a), and two phrasing suggestions to simplify the language. Feel free to disregard the phrasing changes if you think your original phrasing is necessary for accuracy.
```suggestion
The simplest Office Add-in is made up of a manifest file and an HTML page. The manifest file describes the add-in's characteristics, such as its name, what Office applications it can run in, and the URL for the add-in's HTML page. The HTML page is contained in a web app that users interact with when they install and run your add-in within an Office application. You can host the web app of an Office Add-in on any web hosting platform, including Azure.
```
